what's up guys put this down my personal
channel this little free for all I had
on call of duty 4 with the m40 and we're
going to say I'm rusty a ship the sniper
rifle so don't expect much as you know
I'm not a quick scoper and I'm more of a
tactical player then you know switch
reflex kind of guy and I try to prove
this no I do prove it here I mean you
see Pfizer they're getting shit on 90
degree Claymore and I come over here and
I put a dead dead center face you can
usually get by that claim or by climbing
up this ladder and going back down but
uh and what's this about the hit
detection on hit detection on these get
on the world of war cod for a little
different than everything else and a lot
of people experience this from for
playing modern warfare 2 it seems like
the weapon skills so much faster but
they actually don't what they actually
do is uh the hit detection boxes have
been fixed so every bullet that you
shoot that's on the hit generally does
hit in modern warfare 2 where cod4 it
didn't and it made it seem like you had
a lot more help because you some the
bullets that you hit didn't actually
count that makes sense and when you're
Rex when the targets actually running a
cod4 world at war you have to shoot in
front of them they're hitbox is actually
in front of them and not own them you'll
be times you'll shoot the guy to just
miss that's because you gotta aim in
front of them and you'll see me confused
a lot when I'm doing this because I know
that we're the hitbox is at and I'm
trying to decipher how far is in front
of them and sometimes I'll leave me to
miss long shots as you seen right there
that how I shot him is just barely in
front of him
get a head shot right here a bar beat
Beasley Snipes and mess like that I just
want to touch on a couple that touch on
a couple things it's been kind of
bothering me people talk about skill
like you know katie is all good k is
this that you don't get no skill don't
get another scale don't get no skill
where is this skill actually going to be
useful I've always wondered this
everybody talks about the skill nobody
has defined definition of what skill is
and they talk about it like there's a
secret society of highly skilled players
that just never die and get for man
sprays let me know because I I've played
game battles I've played this I've been
competitive I've been to wcg you'll
different games and the conservative
style journalist the style that you see
I can game battles for example I've one
completely I've one complete game series
in team deathmatch with ten kill and two
games combined I'm talking about not 10
kills for me but our team only got five
kills the first game five kills the
second game I mean that that's just what
it is i mean this game isn't about you
know twitch reflexes which you have
having fantastic twitch reflexes will it
does help you and improve which i prob a
pretty good name i'm not the best name
of the world but playing smart and
looking at the board as a chess board
will generally make you better in the
long run even if you're rushing consider
yourself like a pond when you're rushing
ponds like the foot soldier you try to
figure out where the pieces are falling
on the board where this where the spawn
points at and adjust around that just
blindly rushing to and you know just
using your twitter reflexes does not
justify skill i'm a SI talent yes if you
can consistently pull it off but very
few people will ever consistently pull
off the rush let my buddy prey us he has
a monster rusher but even him he'll get
to you get two good games and for every
two good game
he'll have you know three bad games and
I don't consider that an asset to a team
especially when those rushers even
though matter how good they are that
they're always outplayed by a by a guy
you know sitting back with a sniper
rifle or you know do it ringing the
dinner bell with the ump45 if so to say
get a fucking noscope hitmarker there I
was just shooting the ringing the dinner
bell there see right there that was a
dead hit I see his hip his hip his
hitbox was in the center of him and not
to the left of him because I did hit him
in the arm there and it didn't uh it
didn't register because his hitbox is so
different I mean the hitbox is rather
small and call of duty 4 they've if
you've ever had like the aim by on home
moderate water warfare two like if you
get from like modded lobbies you'll see
the hitbox is considerably bigger in
modern warfare 2 as well it's more of
like a u-shaped boat where in cod4 it's
like a rectangle line down the center of
the body so the hitbox is considerably
smaller on cod4 in World War and also
basically in turn helped with making you
seem like you had more health because it
was hard to hit you but everybody wants
to justify that they're having skill
nobody wants this told like that nobody
wants to be here that they're doing bad
and they're not exactly you know MLG Pro
I mean everybody feels like they they're
good they don't want to be told they let
down i understand this but i've also
understand that the truth is sometimes
the only way you improve a community but
i also want to mention that i posted a
thing on triarchs form which i'll be
posting the link here and the bottom
please go ahead and comment on that and
tell me what you think about the idea
it's your boy